ChainBridge documentation (#24)
0xPolygon/polygon-sdk-docs: docs/chainbridge/setup/setup-relayer.md

---
id: setup-relayer
title: Relayer Setup
---

In this section, you will start a relayer to exchange data between 2 chains. 

> First, you will get the codes from the repository, build the codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to clone and build the ChainBridge repository.
```

Author: Fixed at 5756c760532fdfa7da42c47aad4dc893d1e4074e

$ cd chainBridge && make install
```

Next, You need to create `config.json` and set JSON-RPC URLs, relayer address, and contracts address for each chain.

```json
{
  "chains": [
    {
      "name": "mumbai",
      "type": "ethereum",
      "id": "99",
      "endpoint": "https://rpc-mumbai.matic.today",
      "from": "<RELAYER_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>",
      "opts": {
        "bridge": "<BRIDGE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "erc20Handler": "<ERC20_HANDLER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "erc721Handler": "<ERC721_HANDLER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "genericHandler": "<GENERIC_HANDLER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "minGasPrice": "1",
        "http": "true"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "polygon-sdk",
      "type": "ethereum",
      "id": "100",
      "endpoint": "http://localhost:10002",
      "from": "<RELAYER_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>",
      "opts": {
        "bridge": "<BRIDGE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "erc20Handler": "<ERC20_HANDLER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "erc721Handler": "<ERC721_HANDLER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "genericHandler": "<GENERIC_HANDLER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS>",
        "minGasPrice": "1",
        "http": "true"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> To start a relayer, you need to import the private key corresponding to the relayer account address. You will need to input password when you import private key. Once import has been successful, key will be stored under `keys/<ADDRESS>.key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a relayer, you need to import the private key corresponding to the relayer account address. You will need to input the password when you import private key. Once import has been successful, key will be stored under `keys/<ADDRESS>.key`.
```

Author: Fixed at 5756c760532fdfa7da42c47aad4dc893d1e4074e

```bash
# Import private key and store to local with encryption
$ chainbridge accounts import --privateKey [RELAYER_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY]

INFO[11-19|07:09:01] Importing key... 
Enter password to encrypt keystore file:
> [PASSWORD_TO_ENCRYPT_KEY]
INFO[11-19|07:09:05] private key imported                     address=<RELAYER_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS> file=.../keys/<RELAYER_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>.key
```

> Then, you will start a relayer. You will need to input the same password when you inputted to store key in the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can start the relayer. You will need to input the same password when you inputted to store key in the beginning.
```

Author: Fixed at 5756c760532fdfa7da42c47aad4dc893d1e4074e
